in most of the services when you get out of the basic recruit training
boot camp whatever they call it in that service they send you to a
special school now in the marine corps a lot of of the graduates of
boot camp go to infantry school but then there are some very technical
specialist schools you go to after that the same is true the name
the navy is more specialized in each reading that is boatswain's mate
or like Titian's mate right EVR detect if ya next technician rate
or my rate cryptologic technician go to a special school to learn the
basic skills you need to be in that particular raging and that's
called a school and then the other professional training BNC schools
later on that the school is your first introduction to your school
the A. schools which I will it even though I was in the marine corps
they sent me to a navy a school always cryptologic our branch training
which means I was trained in the field of cryptology and our branch
you're also had to learn Morse code